---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Semantic Soulmate
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2019-02-21
labels:
  - Semantic Ui
  - Frameworks
---



## Dear Diary,
I have met this new girl called Semantic UI. We met through a through mutual friend of ICS 314 and HTML. She seems like a great girl and she is very interesting. I know that I have just gotten over basic HTML but I feel like we have a connection going on and I feel like I am ready to open up my mind to new things.

We went on a few dates and I learned so much about him before hand. I read her bio in Pluralsight and her UI Framework profile. In our dates, we both had so much activity such as recreating local websites and creating our own websites. She is such a interesting gal. In honesty I feel like she gives so much to offer and like she is an interesting girl to learn about.

But I feel like she is complicated for some reason. After all the times we were together, we encountered many problems and confusions. I would learn something about her in one day and feel confident of knowing about it. In truth, I don't completely grasp the whole thing about it and there is many more about that one thing I learned that day. She is full of knowledge, and it's very hard to remember every trait of her.

It's okay though, I feel like it is worth it. Being able to be frustrated and getting headaches is what we termed love for learning. Without it I wouldn't meet many individuals such as JavaScript, C, Underscore and many more in my life that truly change my software engineering life. The feeling of understanding each one and moving on to learn new things are a benefit to be a great software engineer.


  
 
