---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Let's build a car
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2019-04-27
labels:
  - Software Engineering
  - Design Patters
---


When I was little, I used to watch my cousin code in his dinosaur PC. I've always feel facinasted how he just types lines of code and know what he is doing. I've seen his final product and I was overwhelmed how he came up with his final revisions of his program. I was overwhelemed of coding.As I tackle my fear of coding entering college, I have realized how coding isn't a big bully that won't let me through to the alley of success unless you design it  a car.

A car consist of the frame of the car, windows, tires, door and the engine. These parts are falls under the 3 differnt design patterens: structural, creational, and behavioral. You can say that the fram of the car falls under the structural as it lays out the functionality or the path the car design can follow. Windows and tires fall under the creative patterns as they are different parts of the car that may not be the same but together they relate together to make one object. The engine falls under the behavioral pattern as it makes the objects that has been assembled to function as one.

In my projects, I using "Route" from react is a design pattern that helps obnjects that has been made to function as one. As you are creating a webpage, you would want to create many pages for different functionality for your users. You would want to create a seperate file for each functionabilty and "Route" enables objects that were created to assemble as one to create a great website.





